Docs: Fix decimals: auto docs for panel edit (#55477)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/configure-standard-options/index.md

#### String units

> Grafana can sometime be too aggressive in parsing strings and displaying them as numbers. To make Grafana show the original string create a field override and add a unit property with the `String` unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana can sometimes be too aggressive in parsing strings and displaying them as numbers. To configure Grafana to show the original string value, create a field override and add a unit property with the `String` unit.
```
